Add cert-manager helm chart, add cert-manager CRDs to cluster-essentials (#10489)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/cert-manager/README.md

## Installation

To install `cert-manager`, use the Kyma Installer and follow these steps:

1. Manually apply CRDs from the `files/` directory:

   ```bash
   $ kubectl apply -f ./files
   ```

2. Update the appropriate Installer CR template in `installation/resources/` by adding the following lines to the `spec.components` section:

    ```yaml
    - name: "cert-manager"
      namespace: "cert-manager"
    ```

## Usage

Before you configure `cert-manager` to issue certificates, you must first create Issuer resources. To learn more, read about [Issuers configuration](https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/).

One of the common use cases for `cert-manager` is securing ingress resources. Read the [Securing Ingresses Resources documentation](https://cert-manager.io/docs/usage/ingress/) for more details.

For more information, check the [official `cert-manager` documentation](https://cert-manager.io/docs/).

## Troubleshooting

One potential issue may occur while creating Issuer or ClusterIssuer resources. It might result in a failed call to the `webhook.cert-manager.io` webhook. A workaround for this is to delete these two `cert-manager`'s webhooks:

>    ```bash
>    $ kubectl delete mutatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io cert-manager-webhook
>    $ kubectl delete validatingwebhookconfigurations.admissionregistration.k8s.io cert-manager-webhook
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
$ kubectl delete mutatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io cert-manager-webhook
$ kubectl delete validatingwebhookconfigurations.admissionregistration.k8s.io cert-manager-webhook
```
```

# cert-manager

## Overview

`cert-manager` is a version of [Jetstack's cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io) customized to Kyma's needs.

Quoting from the [official README](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager):

>cert-manager is a Kubernetes addon to automate the management and issuance of
>TLS certificates from various issuing sources.
>
>It will ensure certificates are valid and up to date periodically, and attempt
>to renew certificates at an appropriate time before expiry.

## Changes introduced

The `crds.yaml` file has been split into multiple files. Each of these contains exactly one CRD with its name indicating the resource type. They are available in the `installation/resources/crds/cert-manager/` directory.

## Installation

To install `cert-manager`, use the Kyma Installer and follow these steps:

1. Manually apply CRDs from the project root directory:

   ```bash
   $ kubectl apply -f ./installation/resources/crds/cert-manager
   ```

> 2. Manually apply namespace resource from the project root directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Manually apply the Namespace resource from the project root directory:
```
or `Namespace resources`

# cert-manager

## Overview

`cert-manager` is a version of [Jetstack's cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io) customized to Kyma's needs.

Quoting from the [official README](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager):

>cert-manager is a Kubernetes addon to automate the management and issuance of
>TLS certificates from various issuing sources.
>
>It will ensure certificates are valid and up to date periodically, and attempt
>to renew certificates at an appropriate time before expiry.

For more information check [links](#links) section.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.11+

> ## Details

Reviewer: Please revert it to the way it was - remove the `## Details` section and change its subsections back to sections.

### Changes introduced

The `crds.yaml` file has been split into multiple files. Each of these contains exactly one CRD with its name indicating the resource type. They are available in the `files/` directory.

### Installation

To install `cert-manager`, use the Kyma Installer and follow these steps:

1. Manually apply CRDs from the `files/` directory:

   ```bash

>    # Kubernetes 1.15+

Reviewer: I just noticed that. In prerequisites you have Kubernetes 1.11+, but in the instructions for the **only** way to install it, you have Kubernetes 1.15+? 
I'm not sure about this...

Author: We have agreed to remove `Prerequisites` section entirely.

   $ kubectl apply -f ./files
   ```

2. Update the appropriate Installer CR template in `installation/resources/` by adding the following lines to the `spec.components` section:

    ```yaml
    - name: "cert-manager"
      namespace: "cert-manager"
    ```

### Usage

Before you configure `cert-manager` to issue certificates, you must first create Issuer resources. To learn more, read about [Issuers configuration](https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/).

One of the common use cases for `cert-manager` is securing ingress resources. Read the [Securing Ingresses Resources documentation](https://cert-manager.io/docs/usage/ingress/) for more details.

For more information, check the [official `cert-manager` documentation](https://cert-manager.io/docs/).

## Troubleshooting

> One potential issue may occur while creating an Issuer or ClusterIssuer resources. It might result in failed calling webhook "webhook.cert-manager.io". A workaround that can be applied in this case is to delete both cert-manager's webhooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One potential issue may occur while creating Issuer or ClusterIssuer resources. It might result in a failed call to the `webhook.cert-manager.io` webhook. A workaround for this is to delete these two `cert-manager`'s webhooks:
```
- The `an` would refer to the main noun, but the main noun (`resources`) is in plural, so it should be removed :) 
Unless you wrote it as `an Issuer's resources`, then `an` would refer to the Issuer.

- `that can be applied in this case` -> `for this`, nothing wrong with the way you wrote it, but this way it's shorter and conveys the same message :)

- `both` -> `these two` or `these`, unless the `cert-manager` has only two webhooks, then `both` is also fine.
